capital = 393
oob = "NAR"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1

	

	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}
if = {
  limit = {
    NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank = 1
  }
}
if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 300
set_stability = 0.34
set_war_support = 0.12

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1932.11.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	vanguardist = 0
	collectivist = 10
	libertarian_socialist = 14
	social_democrat = 7
	social_liberal = 11
	market_liberal = 6
	social_conservative = 4
	authoritarian_democrat = 16
	paternal_autocrat = 30
	national_populist = 2
}

set_variable = { var = minority_suppression value = 50 }
NAR_set_minority_effects = yes
set_cosmetic_tag = NAR_ford

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_20

	limited_conscription

	NAR_racial_issue
	NAR_economic_downtrum
	NAR_unstable_bureaucracy
	NAR_illegitimate_government

	republican_dictatorship
}

recruit_character = NAR_Maria_Spiridonova
recruit_character = NAR_Henry_Ford
recruit_character = NAR_Walter_C_Teagle
recruit_character = NAR_William_Joseph_Simmons
recruit_character = NAR_David_Curtis_Stephenson
recruit_character = NAR_George_Van_Horn_Moseley
recruit_character = NAR_Jacob_L_Devers
recruit_character = NAR_Matthew_Ridgway
recruit_character = NAR_Bruce_C_Clarke
recruit_character = NAR_Fox_Conner
recruit_character = NAR_Henry_I_Hodes
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_L_Bristol
recruit_character = NAR_Francis_L_Garrett
recruit_character = NAR_Mickey_Cochrane
recruit_character = NAR_James_Francis_Byrnes
recruit_character = NAR_John_Elliott_Rankin
recruit_character = NAR_Edward_L_Jackson
recruit_character = NAR_Herbert_W_Armstrong
recruit_character = NAR_Richard_Girnt_Butler
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_Cherep_Spiridovich
recruit_character = NAR_William_Bell_Riley
recruit_character = NAR_George_Sylvester_Viereck
recruit_character = NAR_Alma_Bridwell_White
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_J_Smith
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_Raymond_Robinson
recruit_character = NAR_AN_Dugger
recruit_character = NAR_Fred_Koch
recruit_character = NAR_Ellison_Smith
recruit_character = NAR_Charles_Emil_Sorensen
recruit_character = NAR_Louis_Thomas_McFadden
recruit_character = NAR_William_H_Murray
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_Kent_White
recruit_character = NAR_George_W_Christians
recruit_character = NAR_Gerald_Burton_Winrod
recruit_character = NAR_John_Geraerdt_Crommelin_Jr
recruit_character = NAR_Robert_Rice_Reynolds
recruit_character = NAR_Clare_E_Hoffman
recruit_character = NAR_DW_Griffith
recruit_character = NAR_Eugene_Talmadge
recruit_character = NAR_Theophilus_Eugene_Connor
recruit_character = NAR_William_David_Upshaw
recruit_character = NAR_Addison_Thompson
recruit_character = NAR_Arlene_White_Lawrence
recruit_character = NAR_CO_Dodd
recruit_character = NAR_Coleman_Livingston_Blease
recruit_character = NAR_Elizabeth_Eloise_Kirkpatrick_Dilling
recruit_character = NAR_George_Edward_Deatherage
recruit_character = NAR_John_Franklyn_Norris
recruit_character = NAR_Samuel_Green
recruit_character = NAR_Theodore_G_Bilbo
recruit_character = NAR_William_Shephard
recruit_character = NAR_Arthur_Hornbui_Bell
recruit_character = NAR_Bert_Hall
recruit_character = NAR_Charles_Lindbergh
recruit_character = NAR_Martin_James_Monti
