capital = 126

oob = "ENG_1936"

set_research_slots = 4

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	
	gwtank = 1
	
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	basic_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	basic_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	early_carrier = 1
	transport = 1
	
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	civilian_economy
	ENG_war_fatigue
	UOB_revo_recov
	workers_republic
}

set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.45
set_war_support = 0.45

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = libertarian_socialist
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 18
  collectivist = 27
  libertarian_socialist = 33
  social_democrat = 9
  social_liberal = 5
  social_conservative = 8
}


recruit_character = UOB_Ebeneezer_Edwards
recruit_character = UOB_Eric_Blair
recruit_character = UOB_Clement_Attlee
recruit_character = UOB_Basil_Liddel_Hart
recruit_character = UOB_Jack_Jones
recruit_character = UOB_Percy_Hobart
recruit_character = UOB_Frederick_Browning
recruit_character = UOB_Eric_Charles_Hayes
recruit_character = UOB_Clement_Armitage
recruit_character = UOB_Kenneth_Anderson
recruit_character = UOB_Raymond_Briggs
recruit_character = UOB_Thomas_Wintringham
recruit_character = UOB_Herbert_Lumsden
recruit_character = UOB_Eric_Dorman_Smith
recruit_character = UOB_Kenneth_Strong
recruit_character = UOB_Ronald_Scobie
recruit_character = UOB_Edmund_Anstice
recruit_character = UOB_Richard_Cayley
recruit_character = UOB_Geoffrey_Barnard
recruit_character = UOB_Anthony_Follett_Pugsley
recruit_character = UOB_Frank_Pegram
recruit_character = UOB_Robert_Don_Oliver
recruit_character = UOB_Bernard_Warburton_Lee
recruit_character = UOB_Frederic_John_Walker
recruit_character = UOB_Stephen_Beattie
recruit_character = UOB_Donald_Macintyre
recruit_character = UOB_Oswald_Mosley
recruit_character = UOB_Aneurin_Bevan
recruit_character = UOB_Wilfred_Risdon
recruit_character = UOB_William_Gallacher
recruit_character = UOB_Stafford_Cripps
recruit_character = UOB_Clifford_Allen
recruit_character = UOB_Bill_Alexander
recruit_character = UOB_Bernard_Paget
recruit_character = UOB_George_Sutherland_Aitken
recruit_character = UOB_Peter_Gerald_Charles_Dickens
recruit_character = UOB_EH_Cole
recruit_character = UOB_John_Adrian_Chamier
recruit_character = UOB_John_Strachey
recruit_character = UOB_Arthur_Harris
recruit_character = UOB_Hugh_Dowding
recruit_character = UOB_William_Wedgewood_Benn
recruit_character = UOB_Amy_Johnson
recruit_character = UOB_Arthur_Tedder
recruit_character = UOB_Owen_Boyd
recruit_character = UOB_Donald_Marendaz
recruit_character = UOB_Railton_Freeman
recruit_character = UOB_Williams_Sempill
recruit_character = UOB_Phil_Piratin
recruit_character = UOB_William_Joyce
recruit_character = UOB_Annie_Kenney
recruit_character = UOB_Arthur_Horner
recruit_character = UOB_Harry_Pollitt
recruit_character = UOB_Nicolas_y_Glais
recruit_character = UOB_Leslie_Solley
recruit_character = UOB_Ian_Mikardo
recruit_character = UOB_James_Maxton
recruit_character = UOB_David_Kirkwood
recruit_character = UOB_Ethel_MacDonald
recruit_character = UOB_Alexander_Raven_Thomson
recruit_character = UOB_Henry_Williamson
recruit_character = UOB_Mary_Richardson
recruit_character = UOB_Lewis_Valentine
recruit_character = UOB_Margaret_Cole
recruit_character = UOB_Harold_Nicolson
recruit_character = UOB_Helen_Crawfurd
